Title: 
Online Casinos and National Security

Word Count:
503

Summary:
Many people have made the claims that online casino gambling can be a 
source of funding for international terrorism. Here we take a look to 
see if online gambling is a big threat to national security.


Keywords:
One of the reasons why online casino gambling was banned by president 
bush was fears that since the online casinos are based outside the 
United States and had no legal monitoring system that the money could 
be going to fund Islamic Fundamentalist groups like Al Qaeda, but no 
evidence has been found nor have any accusations against any specific 
online casinos been made.

Some people are claiming that the claims of Terrorist involvement in 
online gambling can not be true, because if there were links between 
the two it could not be all of the online casino, and by legalizing 
online casino gambling online casinos could be opened in the united 
states that could be monitored by a government regulatory commission, 
like the FCC does for radio.

This Gambling oversight commission could be set up as an international 
governing body that could be used to monitor who the owner of the 
online casinos are before licensing them. This would also allow America 
to share in the profits of a multi billion dollar a year industry it 
also help assure that online casino gambling is fair and safe for 
players.

By making online casino gambling illegal the United States would have 
only cut them off slightly from being able to continue to raise money 
for terrorism, but by licensing the online casino and checking them 
out, you could eliminate all the illegitimate online casinos. This 
would ensure that terrorism was not benefiting at all from online 
casino profits.

At the same time the American government is banning online gambling 
terrorists could easily go online and use stock trading software or 
open legitimate business in the united states to make money  but no one 
is stopping that from taking place, because the money from the sales 
goes to American companies.

One can only assume that the real reason for this is the money. Since 
over seas companies have already grabbed a hold of the online casino 
market the United States is trying to break them by taking away the, 
majority of their players. Then once the over seas online casinos go 
under America will reverse their online gambling ban and allow the 
American established casinos open online casinos.

If this was not the case then what is then how is it in the best 
interests to only get online gambling banned in the USA and not try to 
get the industry monitored?

Ockham's razor states that the simplest answer is the most likely 

answer, which means that chances are that the government knows full 

well that online casinos are not helping to fund terrorism but they are 

just trying to scare Americans from spending their money in online 

casinos and allowing the money to leave the country without the 

American government making anything in taxes from the proceeds. If the 

online casinos were smart they would get together and figure out a way 

to appease the American government and to stop them from using 

terrorism as a weapon in the fight against online casino gambling.





Article Body:
One of the reasons why online casino gambling was banned by president 
bush was fears that since the online casinos are based outside the 
United States and had no legal monitoring system that the money could 
be going to fund Islamic Fundamentalist groups like Al Qaeda, but no 
evidence has been found nor have any accusations against any specific 
online casinos been made.

Some people are claiming that the claims of Terrorist involvement in 
online gambling can not be true, because if there were links between 
the two it could not be all of the online casino, and by legalizing 
online casino gambling online casinos could be opened in the united 
states that could be monitored by a government regulatory commission, 
like the FCC does for radio.

This Gambling oversight commission could be set up as an international 
governing body that could be used to monitor who the owner of the 
online casinos are before licensing them. This would also allow America 
to share in the profits of a multi billion dollar a year industry it 
also help assure that online casino gambling is fair and safe for 
players.

By making online casino gambling illegal the United States would have 
only cut them off slightly from being able to continue to raise money 
for terrorism, but by licensing the online casino and checking them 
out, you could eliminate all the illegitimate online casinos. This 
would ensure that terrorism was not benefiting at all from online 
casino profits.

At the same time the American government is banning online gambling 
terrorists could easily go online and use stock trading software or 
open legitimate business in the united states to make money  but no one 
is stopping that from taking place, because the money from the sales 
goes to American companies.

One can only assume that the real reason for this is the money. Since 
over seas companies have already grabbed a hold of the online casino 
market the United States is trying to break them by taking away the, 
majority of their players. Then once the over seas online casinos go 
under America will reverse their online gambling ban and allow the 
American established casinos open online casinos.

If this was not the case then what is then how is it in the best 
interests to only get online gambling banned in the USA and not try to 
get the industry monitored?

Ockham's razor states that the simplest answer is the most likely 

answer, which means that chances are that the government knows full 

well that online casinos are not helping to fund terrorism but they are 

just trying to scare Americans from spending their money in online 

casinos and allowing the money to leave the country without the 

American government making anything in taxes from the proceeds. If the 

online casinos were smart they would get together and figure out a way 

to appease the American government and to stop them from using 

terrorism as a weapon in the fight against online casino gambling.


