Title: 
What Is Royalty Free Music

Word Count:
1151

Summary:
Royalty Free Music is a term that refers to production music that has no additional fees to pay once the music has been bought. It is purchased once and can be used again and again. Since it has no additional license payments it is classed as ‘royalty free music’. This is not always true since fundamentally no music is ever royalty free.


Keywords:
royalty free music


Article Body:
<P align=justify> <SPAN 
class=textPageHeading><STRONG>Introduction</STRONG></SPAN><BR>
  <SPAN 
class=textPageBody>Traditionally, Royalty Free Music had to be licensed each time 
  it was used as part of a production or broadcast. For instance, TV programmers 
  would have to pay a ‘Needle drop fee’ each time the music was used as part of 
  a broadcast i.e. every time the needle was dropped on the record! The disadvantage 
  is that it could be expensive and time consuming.<BR>
  <BR>Royalty 
Free Music (RF music) is simply a way to make licensing music easier, cheaper 
and more convenient.</SPAN><BR><BR><SPAN class=textPageHeading><BR><STRONG>The 
Convenience of Royalty Free Music</STRONG></SPAN><BR><SPAN 
class=textPageBody>The convenience of RF music means that it is an excellent 
solution for most production companies. The music is usually composed especially 
to work with TV, film, radio, computer games or multimedia. Its very composition 
targets certain moods, genres or themes. It is tailor-made for that exact 
purpose and fits the criteria of most production music needs.<BR><BR>
  The music at <a href="http://www.beatsuite.com">beatsuite.com</a> has been hand 
  picked so that it is high quality, has a professional sound, works with visuals 
  and relates to the styles/genre’s of modern day audiences. We try and give you 
  the best new music that is both suitable for the project and also has the highest 
  quality sound and production qualities.<BR>
  <BR>
  The <a href="http://www.beatsuite.com">beatsuite.com</a> library has been designed 
  so that finding music, auditioning, downloading and licensing is all done quickly 
  and easily. It is fast, accessible, direct and cost effective.</SPAN><BR>
  <BR><BR><SPAN class=textPageHeading><STRONG>The Differences 
in Royalty Free Music from Library to Library</STRONG></SPAN><BR><SPAN 
class=textPageBody>Although the term ‘royalty free music’ is frequently used, 
most music libraries have various terms and conditions of use for their own 
music. For example The Beat Suite allows you to use music on a royalty free 
basis, that is it can be purchased once and used again and again on your 
projects. However to use that same piece of music on a TV advertising campaign 
you must negotiate a license fee. Our license terms reflect that. It means RF 
music is cost effective for many users but higher end applications such as TV 
advertising requires additional licensing.<BR><BR>Since there are now so many 
different uses of production music, the licensing terms must reflect that. This 
is why most independent music libraries have their own terms and conditions of 
use of their music. It varies from music library to music library. That is to 
say if you intend to use RF music then check the terms of use!<BR><BR>Some music 
libraries still operate a pay-per-use (Needle drop) licensing system. At The 
Beat Suite we have tried our best to create a music licensing system that is 
easy to understand and fair to a range of users.<BR><BR>The Beat Suite allows 
all of our music to be used royalty free. We do however have a mass production 
license that deals with music that is duplicated in high numbers. This is for 
over 1,000 copies and covers any main platform such as computer games, CD, 
CDROM, DVD, Website templates and Video. We also operate a broadcast license for 
companies who use our music as part of broadcast production (TV, radio or 
film).</SPAN><BR><BR><BR><SPAN class=textPageHeading><STRONG>Where does the 
‘royalty’ come in?</STRONG></SPAN><BR><SPAN class=textPageBody>Broadcasters such 
as the BBC, Fox or Sky have to pay to broadcast music. This payment takes the 
form of a license that is issued by a performing rights organisation (PRO) such 
as PRS (Performing Rights Society) or ASCAP (the American Society of Composers, 
Authors and Publishers). PRO’s administer licenses to music users on behalf of 
their members (music publishers, music libraries and 
musicians/artists).</SPAN><BR><BR><SPAN class=textPageBody>Broadcasters notify 
the PRO’s of which music they have used by completing ‘cue 
sheets’.</SPAN><BR><BR><SPAN class=textPageBody>A cue sheet is just a form that 
details the use of a piece of music within a broadcast. It outlines the name of 
the music, which programme it is part of and how the music is used, for how 
long, and how many times etc.<BR><BR>Cue sheets are submitted to the PRO’s who 
then calculate how much money is due to each of its members (composer, music 
publisher or music library) depending on the use of the music.<BR><BR>PRO’s then 
pay each of their members according to how much their music has been broadcast. 
This payment is known as a royalty. This is why even royalty free music is never 
truly royalty<BR>free.<BR><BR>It is law for broadcasters to have a broadcast 
license, it is this license that is paying the 
royalty.<BR><BR><BR></SPAN><STRONG class=textPageHeading>What about using 
Commercial Music?</STRONG><SPAN 
class=textPageBody><STRONG><BR></STRONG>Sometimes production companies and other 
music users like to use commercial music on their projects but this can be very 
expensive and complicated. It takes a lot of time to find out the copyright 
holder and apply for the rights to use commercial music. Also, the 
administration job can be lengthy and hard work. On top of this the fee can be 
quite expensive!<BR><BR>To avoid disappointment and even having to remove music 
from a film or video project at a later date it is advisable to use royalty free 
music, since it is both easy to access and also always a cost effective 
solution.</SPAN></P>
<P align=justify><SPAN class=textPageBody>Royalty free music allows music users 
to use a piece of music that is just as well produced and composed as other 
types of commercial music but without the cost, time and effort 
involved.</SPAN><BR><BR><BR><SPAN class=textPageBody><STRONG 
class=textPageHeading>What Musical Styles or Moods does Royalty Free Music 
Cover?</STRONG><BR>These days RF Music is produced to a very high quality and 
covers every genre of music and mood. The extensive use of RF Music means that 
all types of music are produced to fit the job. RF Music covers everything from 
jazz, pop, dance, orchestral to rock and more!<BR><BR><BR><STRONG 
class=textPageHeading>The Benefits of Royalty Free Music</STRONG> <BR><BR>• It 
is easily accessible.<BR>• Simple to license and download.<BR>• Cost effective 
and saves time.<BR></SPAN><SPAN class=textPageBody>• Piece of mind knowing you 
are using music legally.<BR>• Composed in all musical styles.<BR>• Finished and 
mastered and ready to use.<BR></SPAN><SPAN class=textPageBody>• Can be used 
again and again.<BR><BR><BR></SPAN></P>


