THE 10 BEST WAYS YOU CAN HIDE YOUR VALUABLES

Hiding your life's treasures under your pillow or mattress won't
safeguard them from a thief.  However, this doesn't mean that a
safety deposit box at your bank is the only place for them.

In fact, the traditional approach of keeping one's valuables in
the home is an excellent idea, provided they are hidden in
really secret places.

The ten following ideas of where to locate a secret compartment
will offer maximum security.  The first five, because they do
require some construction to the house, are better for people
who own their own homes.  The second five ideas can be
effectively used by apartment dwellers or renters.

1. WALLS

- because walls are hollow, there can be hidden space behind
every wall in every room.

- the ideal spots are behind solid, fixed items, like coat racks,
or boards along closet walls supporting the clothes hanging pole.

- remove the attachment and hollow out a compartment.

- make sure you camouflage your handiwork well.

2. BEAMS

- ceiling and  wall beams are popular architectural features in
homes.

- make one of the false beams (one which doesn't offer much
support) moveable, and hollow an opening out of its top or back
side.

3. BASEBOARDS

- one of the easiest-to-construct compartments is one behind a
baseboard.  These strips of wood that run along your walls next
to the floor are so common, no thief would give them a second
glance.

- choose a short section of board, and carefully pry it away
from the wall with a crowbar.

- now hollow out a hole, and replace the baseboard.

4. PANELING

- wall paneling  offers a method of opening large areas of dead
space

- your best choice is behind actual boards nailed to the wall
individually, not behind the four-by-eight sheets.

5. MIRRORS

- for a compartment offering little depth, but a large area of
space, you can construct a hollow right behind a full-length
mirror on your  closet door.

- hollow out your compartment, then mount your mirror with
sliding tabs.

6. FURNITURE

- complicated secret spaces built into furniture have for
centuries been favorites.

- a simple approach is to remove the molding of a table or desk,
and make a hollow.

7. BOOKCASE

- a common source of easily overlooked space is found at the base
of a bookcase.  The lowest shelf is usually raised above the
ground level several inches, and this space is enclosed with a
base-molding.

- if you can make the lowest shelf removable, you can attach your
valuables to the underside of this shelf by means of magnets.

8. LIGHT SWITCH

- an easy and highly deceptive secret space can be constructed
behind an electric outlet plate or light switch plate.

- make sure the electricity is shut off when you remove the plate
to construct your hollow.

9. HOUSEPLANTS

- secret compartments can be constructed in the base of your
plant pots:  this will be especially effective if you have lots
of plants.

- seal your valuables well in plastic if they can be
water-damaged.

10. BURIED TREASURE

- finally, don't overlook the oldest hiding technique in history,
of burying your valuables underground.

- make sure you have an accurate map of where your treasure is
buried.

For maximum security in hiding your valuables in your own home,
make sure your craftsmanship is flawless.  And don't reveal your
hiding place to anyone out of your own family.
