Ideas for Wedding Party Gifts


A day or two before your wedding, there is usually a
wedding rehearsal and then a wedding rehearsal dinner.
This is paid for traditionally by the groom’s family,
and it’s when you will give your wedding attendants
their gifts as a thank you for being in your wedding.


Bridesmaids

- As a rule, jewelry is a good idea for the ladies. If
they have pierced ears, you can give them earrings. If
their ears aren’t pierced, you can give them
necklaces.

It’s always a good idea to give them something that
they can wear on the day of the wedding to go with
their dresses.

Groomsmenushers

- For the men, it’s a little more difficult to choose
an appropriate gift. If you can’t find something that
will be appropriate for all of them, you can choose
comparable but different gifts.

Beer steins, shot glasses, and other similar items can
be used, or something else that will reflect their
individuality.

Remember, when you are choosing your gifts that these
are your friends and family, and that you want them to
know that you have appreciated everything that they
have done.

The wedding rehearsal dinner is a time for the wedding
party to come together and have a good time before the
wedding.

Enjoy yourself and have a good time with your wedding
party. You are celebrating the fact that you are going
to be getting married soon, and that you will be
starting a new life together with you spouse.

