Other Wedding Jobs for Friends


When most people think of a wedding, the things that
they think about are the bride and groom, of course,
the wedding party, the flowers and the wedding
reception.


But there is a lot more to a wedding than that, and
this is how others can be involved if the wedding
party has been filled.

Guest Book Attendant

- This is one of the jobs that can be offered to a
friend who wasn’t included in the wedding party but
still wants to help. This person will encourage the
guests to sign the book and leave a message for the
couple if they wish. It may seem like a small job, but
it’s important.

Bird Seed Bag Attendants

- Another job that is available to friends of the
bride and groom is to give everyone bags of bird seed
after the ceremony. This can be done by one or two
people, depending on how many people are attending the
wedding.

Scripture readings

- If the bride and groom are having a ceremony that
includes a lot of scripture readings, this is another
nice touch to the ceremony, and can make your friends
feel like a special part of your day.

Car decorating

- This can be a perfect job for a couple of guys who
aren’t ushers. They can go out to the bridal car and
decorate it for the drive to where the reception is
being held.

This is also a job that can be done by some of the
ushers, who don’t want to stand around for the
receiving line.

