Saving Money on a Wedding Cake


One of the biggest focal points of a wedding reception
is the beautiful wedding cake. That towering,
flowering, blinding beautiful wedding cake with the
two people standing on top, that the bride and groom
cut and then feed to one another.


Although a lot of brides and grooms go with the
traditional pound cake taste, it doesn’t have to be
that way.

Flavor -

If you don’t go with the traditional pound cake taste
for all of your layers, keep in mind that not everyone
is going to like lemon or raspberry, or any other
exotic flavors.

One popular alternative is chocolate chip cake.
Another idea is to go with alternating chocolate and
vanilla.

The top of your cake is traditionally saved and eaten
on your first wedding anniversary. So choose the
flavor that both of you will enjoy and make that your
wedding topper.

Although a lot of cakes are purchased in a traditional
bakery, there are a lot of supermarkets that make
delicious cakes that aren’t as expensive.

If you are working on a budget, shop around for prices
on wedding cakes and be sure to sample them. You may
be surprised at what supermarkets can do.

If you have someone that has taken a cake decorating
class and makes great cakes, you may find that they
will do it as a wedding present and it will save you
some money.

A wedding cake doesn’t have to be expensive to be
delicious, and you can find plenty of money saving
ideas when looking for your wedding cake.

