Selecting Flowers for a Wedding


One of the biggest parts of a wedding is the flowers
that are included. There are flowers for the bouquets,
flowers for the church, and flowers for the mothers,
grandmothers, groom, and ushers, as well as
centerpieces for the reception.


Something that should be taken into consideration when
selecting the flowers to use in a wedding is that
sometimes there are people who have allergies and may
be affected by the scent of the flowers.

When you are choosing the type of flowers for your
wedding, think about yourself and your attendants
especially. Are there any sensitive noses The last
thing that you will need on your wedding day Is to
have yourself or one of your attendants having a
sneezing fit in the middle of the ceremony.

Once you have chosen what type of flower you want to
have for your wedding, the next thing is to decide on
the colors. Usually the colors for bridesmaids and
groomsmen will correspond to the colors of the
bridesmaids’ dresses for the bouquets. But when it
comes to the grandmothers and mothers flowers it may
be a good idea to find out what color their dresses
will be so their flowers will match.

So that there aren’t a lot of flowers left over from
the reception, it’s not a bad idea to mark a chair and
whoever sits in that chair gets to take home the
centerpiece. This way the flowers can be enjoyed for
longer than a day and you don’t have to worry about
what to do with them.

